
Winds of life, renew our faltering strength! Cure!
Winds of life, make fast our wounds! Cura!
Under heaven, may the Winds grace our hearts! Curaga!
Under heaven, may the Winds mend our souls! Curaja!
O guardians of life, pray bless us! Raise!
O guardians of life, bestow wayward souls salvation! Arise!
Swirling aether, etch new life upon this soul! Reraise!
O guardians of life, dwell now in us ere all is lost! Regen!
O flickering light, shield these souls! Protect!
O shining light, shield these souls! Protectja!
O muted light, grant us protection from the sounds of magick! Shell!
O gleaming light, grant us protection from the howls of magick! Shellja!
I call upon all-light, stir now your gift and rise once more! Wall!
Heavenly winds, guide us to purity! Esuna!
O untainted heavens, shine upon the bloodstained unclean! Holy!
Shatter stone and corpse consume, now wake and judge as is your due! Fire!
Dormant spark asleep in dust, red flame awake, the world engulf! Fira!
Starfire 'sleep beneath the ground, arise once more and hear your sound! Firaga!
Inferno sealed beyond this plane, come to me and render pain! Firaja!
Fulminating light, my word become destruction! I call you Thunder!
Light that'n moonlight hides, gather to me and unleash! Summon Thundara!
The thundering light — booming and storming weather! Beckon Thundaga!
Typhoon Thundering, sweep across and decimate! I cast Thundaja!
Freezing's edge now cast on freezing wind! Ice!
Winter wind judge my enemies with merciless hand! Icra!
Frozen sorrow and oblivion, show your name! Icraga!
Sky ocean, freeze and restore brilliance! Icraja!
Scarlet blood of vengeance, seep through earth and fulfill your calling! Poison!
Being～Froggy～Is～Oh～So～ Fun～! Toad!
Hungering reapers, I offer this soul unto you... Death!
Inscribe a dark god's name, spring forth primordial flame! Flare!
Hither and yon you flit, mark time's passage swift! Haste!
Endless is time, let it envelope within a great vortex... Hasteja!
Incessant time, stay your march, bestow your grace! Slow!
Obey the will of void and sky, by providence true time abide! Slowja!
Spirits steeped in Time's cruel gaze, from hand divine veil us now! Stop!
O giving earth, your grip tight and secure, hold fast! Immobilize!
O merciful earth, let your grasp release... Float!
Ancient language lost in silence, be the light that turns back darkness! Reflect!
O Holy Father above, smith down these foul creatures with your salvation! Exorcism!
Trembling heart, restore the gleam lost in time's passing! Quick!
O earth embracing death in regret, let remorse become a dark curse... Gravity!
O black sheep born of the witching hour, warp the light of this world... Graviga!
The time arriveth. The stars crash down upon the unforgiven! Meteor!
Bloodstained blade, release the surging tides of darkness! Sanguine Slash!
Banish light from earth, sinking consciousness into darkness... Blind!
That borne of magick laws, gather to me as light... Syphon!
Defy nature, provide me a portion of your beating heart... Drain!
Pray all things be made exactly as God intended. Faith!
Find meaning from worldly performance, shape knowledge into will... Atheist!
O Yggdrasil, reach the limits of the soul and fall into decay... Zombie!
Incessant speakers, seek truth in silence, forget all language... Silence!
Turn confusion into reason and savagery into justice... Berserk!
So cowardly and weak, you take the path of self-preservation... Chicken!
Succumb to the fog of war... Confuse!
Illusions and lies of man, return to beyond whence you came! Dispel!
With empty mind and empty heart, hear the immutable wind-beat... Disable!
Like drowning in deep-sea, sink into darkness... Sleep!
Return this soul trapped in skin and bone to eternal dark... Break!
Kupo kupo kupo... Moogle Dance round the light, snow-white dance! Moogle!
Dame of Diamond Dust, freezing ice fade to silence and light! Shiva!
Old and wise, o'er all you rule. Rain your Judgment Bolt! Ramuh!
King of flames, let your Hell Fire burn them into cinders! Ifrit!
Gaia's Wrath as your force, all bonds shattered, hew and crush! Titan!
Body of solid earth, provide us the Earthen Wall! Golem!
Sleeping in crimson stone, awaken Ruby Light! Carbuncle!
O King of Dragon, join in wrath and fury with Megaflare! Bahamut!
King of Valhalla, slash away foes with Zantetsuken! Odin!
Ocean's fang, strike forth in an azure Tidal Wave! Leviathan!
O Wyrmfire, within your grasp belongs the flames of time... Salamander!
Guide us to the source of life where Whispering Winds begin! Slyph!
Shiny crystal Fey Wings, spread your wings of resurrection! Faerie!
Death song, death door, death river of Abyss Darkness awaiting! Lich!
Force field that bend the land, crush thy enemies with Unrelentless Force! Cyclops!
Master o'the greatest commandments, bestow us Final Light of salvation! Zodiark!
Live and die unfettered, release energy from swords ancient and new! Spirit Blade!
O dark and resentful spirits, gather in this place... Binding Darkness!
Sever the ties of memory across the void... Verse of Oblivion!
Where wind does not blow, the sword shall scatter the leaves... Rain of Wisdom!
Rising among clouds, only the angels know our path... Cloudsea Curse!
All can be forgiven, for the heart of the sword is judgment! Purifying Breeze!
Sword spirits, heed the call to come forth! Doomed Aspirations!
Hidden sword piercing the heavens, this path leads not to Buddha! Sanguine Blossom!
Furious sword of living hell, bring forth a demon's power! Ethereal Embrace!
Fire-devouring sword, dye the earth with rain of crimson! Raging Inferno!















Burning hot justice and roaring bloody fists! Pummel!
White hot rage whirling... A roar that knows no bounds! Aurablast!
Gaia's wrath flows through my fists... You cannot hide! Shockwave!
Fingertips of heart and soul, lead them to hell! Doom Fist!

















































Dispel falsehood and reveal the truth! Ultima!
Life is short, but do not mourn. From ash to ash and dust to dust! Judgment Blade!
Lord on high or servant low, in time all men are equal made! Cleansing Strike!
The Seven ride, their shadows fall. None can escape unyielding fate! Northswain's Strike!
Trembling air suffused with power, through arm upraised shine forth! Hallowed Bolt!
Those who dwell aloft have spoken. Their words echo in your soul! Divine Ruination!
Even the strongest shields cannot defend the weakest wills! Crush Armor!
Misfortune hangs heavy on a head once held high. Let the heavens fall! Crush Helm!
Honed in the blade that severs evil. Long is the path leading from hell. Crush Weapon!
Screams of ruin rise above the storm. Shudder not in her bitter cold! Crush Accessory!
Live by the sword, die by the sword. Spare your regrets for hell! Duskblade!
I shall feast on your soul! Shadowblade!
Air awash in blood, breathe darkness into the heart of man... Unholy Darkness!
O light returned to darkness, seek the truth and be renewed... Dispelna!
The fate of this world lies in these hands... Celestial Stasis!
Echoes slumber in death's memory, crash with thunder... Heaven's Wrath!
Raging flames of the goddess, fill the sky and scorch the earth... Sky Ashura!
Ocean spirits, rend with fang and tear with talon... Maelstrom!
Cast the light behind dark clouds to bolts of diamond! Adamantine Blade!
As the bell chimes, light fades to void revealing all as an illusion... Celestial Void!
Spirits of heaven and earth, lend yourself through this chant... Divinity!
Great black wyrm, bring the dread your wings portend! Hell's Wrath!
O god of evil flames, burn away the foes we face... Nether Ashura!
Hell's oceans awash with filth and drek! Nether Maelstrom!
Through dark clouds, bring down your ruin! Obsidian Blade!
O heart of the void, heed prayer— purge this world of the impure! Corporeal Void!
The pow'r of gods dwelling 'twixt heaven and earth be unleashed! Impiety!



Sword of karma, unleash waves of darkness! Infernal Strike!


Your future rests in hands divine, your life forfeit I hold in mine... Petrify!
In mortal fear your heart beats swift, now chains of iron bind you... Fowlheart!
Hands of earth, grasp tightly, shackle and bind! Embrace!
Dispel benevolent light with incantations from the black depths! Darkness!
Foul words who gives to thoughts their shape, know now the fear of thine self! Aphony!
Cast wide your heart, thoughts unbound, with neither shape nor sound... Befuddle!
Rigid purgatory harp, spin th'wheel of destiny only to remain still... Bind!
In darkness sleeps deathly fears, now they wake to stalk... Nightmare!
Dark lord trapped 'twixt heaven and hell, close by my side your minions keep... Ague!
Spin the wheel of fortune, bind these evil spirits... Mindsap!
Obliterate temporal laws! Speedsap!
Cooling breeze, blow and shrink the fires of passion... Powersap!
Mirror of light, reflect deeds and cleanse defilement... Magicksap!


Wander the halls of Hades, while the corporeal wastes... Bio!
Devour flesh that brims with life, fill sacred chalices with blight... Bio!
Let death be your eternal curse for woe is you! Bio!
Black tears carve Death's shadow upon fallen hearts ... Biora!
Live and die as nature intended, that is the greatest truth... Biora!
Loving fingers in dead garmets seek and rotting blossoms reek... Biora!
All life by laws divine abides, not even Death may dare defy... Biora!
Sinful flesh seals the soul to condemn meager life... Bioga!
Life by sin alone survives, cleanse these mortals of their vice... Bioga!
Boundless deeds of bitter hatred be known to body and soul... Bioga!




Burning chaos dripping from God's hand, the fires of creation... Meltdown!
O wandering gale, gather together and rend the skies! Tornado!
Heart of fury, 'wake from earth's slumber as violent tremors! Quake!
Turn light to darkness, shroud all hope with despair! Crushing Blow!
Bearing the devil's power, wielding the devil's sword! Abyssal Blade!
Froggies～Perform～A～ Great Chorus～! Toadja!
Seized by soundless call that echoes in silent dark... Gravija!
Dark pow'r cursed by heaven to grasp the flames of purgatory... Flareja!
Eyes of darkness shattered by heaven's light, know your place... Blindja!


Decrepit laws be restored, hear the ravings of the mad king... Confuseja!
Leave words to oblivion's hands and drown in the unconscious dark. Sleepja!
Whirling colors of life, open the seven doors, rise to the heavens' peak! Ultima!
The light of life simmers before rising to the heavens in cleansing fire! Divine Ultima!
Ask of the mirrored heart and quench the thirst of demons... Disempower!
O ancient spirits, banish the magick tainting this world! Dispelja!
O mighty gods of the constellations, become my strength... Returnja!
Break the spirit of light's wings and become the curse of darkness... Blind Blade!
By the power of the spirits, share your magick... Syphon Blade!
By the power of the spirits, share your vitality... Drain Blade!
O spirits, fill these poor hands with wisdom beyond what can be known... Faith Blade!
Awaken by knowledge to the darkness of a reality lacking miracles... Doubt Blade!
Linger within that decaying body, for vengeance is the essence of living... Zombie Blade!
O cursed spirits dancing within sound, seal off words and language... Silence Blade!
Heart of malice, seal shut the doors of reason... Berserk Blade!
Cowardice within, awaken to take shape and form... Chicken Blade!
Souls lacking in noble stronghold, become possessed by worms... Confuse Blade!
Unseen barrier shrouding thought, return to the aether! Dispel Blade!
Immortal souls yearning, show your undying will... Disable Blade!
Intoxicated by aromatic spirits, play within the cracks of time! Sleep Blade!
Hear the mournful wailing of cruel spirits, breathe life into cold stone... Break Blade!


































































































To those woefully ignorant of their own nature, become true! Poisonous Frog!
Shrouded light hidden within the darkness, reveal your majesty! Midgardsormr!
By wounds still fresh and muttered curse, taste now the dish you served! Karma!
Passageway between the heavens, open the sealed portal... Nanoflare!
The constellations hear my beckon, they render their judgment... Grand Cross!






Feed upon the breath of life to unleash a sinister power! Unholy Sacrifice!


























































































































































